Doc(tables): Early in v-table, link to v-data-table (#17016)
vuetifyjs/vuetify: packages/docs/src/pages/en/components/tables.md

# Tables

> The simpler of the table components is `v-table`, a simple wrapper component around the HTML `<table>` element. Inside the component you can use all the regular table elements such as `<thead>`, `<tbody>`, `<tr>`, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simpler of the table components is `v-table`, a basic wrapper component for the HTML `<table>` element. In addition, regular table elements such as `<thead>`, `<tbody>`, `<tr>`, and `<td>` work by default.
```

> The more advanced table component is [`v-data-table`](/api/v-data-table/), which allows sorting, searching, pagination, grouping, and row selection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<alert type="info">

More advanced tables such as [v-data-table](/components/data-tables/basics/) are available for preview in [Vuetify Labs](/labs/introduction/).

</alert>
```
